Add support and CI runs for free-threaded Python (#8653)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/8653.feature.rst

> This library can now be built for use with free-threaded Python, although certain optional dependencies (e.g., OpenCV) are not yet compatible with free threading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``sunpy`` can now be built for use with free-threaded Python, although certain optional dependencies (e.g., OpenCV) are not yet compatible with free threading.
```

Author: Done
